First, but the sequence that happened was that the
occupation forces initially bulldozed the journalists’ tent.
Later, a foot force descended and fixed the place
with lasers and
snipers. We were forced to surrender ourselves due to
fear that the occupation forces would commit a massacre,
execution, or even direct shooting, given
knowledge or the presence of a slogan on this room.  Since
this room belongs to journalists, we were forced to
surrender ourselves and go outside. The
occupation forces forced us to take off our clothes completely,
kneel on the ground and place our hands above our
heads for about an hour in a very cold and
bitter atmosphere. The occupation forces handcuffed our
hands and blindfolded us, and we remained in
this state.  About three hours from
this morning until the evening hours until the
military intelligence units of the
occupation army arrived to work on investigating the journalists and
even those present in this field. We found the
moment we left the room in which we stayed for
several hours in a cold atmosphere, stripped of clothes,
handcuffed and blindfolded, almost to the ground.  For an
hour in this situation, without mercy from the
occupation forces or even giving us some of
the clothes that they forced us to take off,
some of the crews or the working part
of the crews were interrogated, while it means that I succeeded in
helping this elderly man and getting out of the
complex so that no one would come to me.  Investigation,
and there have been great efforts to release the
working crew until this moment. This means that the conditions are difficult,
and the occupation forces are largely stationed
inside the community, and there is violent bombardment, and there are a number of
structures that were destroyed.